PRMTR-171, ET-746: Improve support for TPP on ET for Promoter (#1608)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [4.11.5] TBD =

* Tweak - Notify Promoter of changes when tickets are moved to other Events. [ET-741]

> * Tweak - Improve support between Tribe Commerce and Promoter by extending the actions that notify Promoter [ET-746]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Improved compatibility between Tribe Commerce and Promoter by extending the actions that notify Promoter of Attendee modifications. [ET-746]
```
